Update managing-tls-in-a-cluster.md (#30500)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/tls/managing-tls-in-a-cluster.md

## Get the Certificate Signing Request Approved

> Approving the [certificate signing request](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/certificate-signing-requests/) is either done by an automated approval process or on a one off basis by a cluster administrator. Approving the request manually by using kubectl is illustrated below.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Approving the [certificate signing request](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/certificate-signing-requests/)
is either done by an automated approval process or on a one off basis by a cluster
administrator. If you're authorized to approve a certificate request, you can do that
manually using `kubectl`; for example:
```

Author: Change contexts as your suggestion. Thank you a lot!

## Get the Certificate Signing Request Approved

> Approving the certificate signing request is either done by an automated

Reviewer 2: > Approving the [certificate signing request](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/certificate-signing-requests/) is either done by an automated approval process or on a one off basis by a cluster administrator. 

I believe this would benefit from referencing existing docs.

approval process or on a one off basis by a cluster administrator. 

> And you can see the approved request.

Reviewer 2: Instead of starting a sentence with a conjunction, how about

> Approving the request manually by using kubectl is illustrated below.
